Add default exempting namesapces to the config resouce (#27)
stolostron/gatekeeper-operator: README.md

```shell
kubectl create -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_gatekeeper.yaml
```

## Editing default ExemptNamespaces 

> Go to controllers/config_helper.go. Change exemptNamespaces from line 23

Reviewer: (Optional) Use references rather than hardcoded line number; Add link to file
```suggestion
Go to [controllers/config_helper.go](controllers/config_helper.go). Update `spec.match[].exemptNamespaces` in `configDefaultResource`.
```

```shell
kubectl create -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_gatekeeper.yaml
```

## Editing default ExemptNamespaces 

> Go to [controllers/config_helper.go](controllers/config_helper.go). Update `spec.match[].exemptNamespaces` in the `getDefaultConfig` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Go to [controllers/config_helper.go](controllers/config_helper.go). Update `spec.match[].exemptNamespaces` in the `getDefaultConfig` function.
```

```shell
kubectl create -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_gatekeeper.yaml
```

> ## Editing default ExemptNamespaces 

Reviewer 2: I think this documentation needs to change.

```

## Editing default ExemptNamespaces 

> Go to [controllers/config_helper.go](controllers/config_helper.go). Update `spec.match[].exemptNamespaces` in the `getDefaultConfig` function.

Reviewer 3: Is there a field in the Gatekeeper CR that we can tell people using the operator to update?  I'm not sure why we're pointing to the code in the readme.

Author: My fist thought is for developers who want to add exempt namespaces (maybe other teams wants to add and open PR).
